build,scripts: Fix package downloading and availability check from bootstrap script (#3898)
scality/metalk8s: CHANGELOG.md

  image to `alpine:3.16.2`
  (PR[#3888](https://github.com/scality/metalk8s/pull/3888))

### Bug fixes

- Fix an issue in the package availability check from bootstrap script
  that make it not checking anything
  (PR[#3898](https://github.com/scality/metalk8s/pull/3898))

> - Do no longer include non-needed packages in the MetalK8s internal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- No longer include unnecessary packages in the MetalK8s internal
```
